ABOUT : 
  Tata Global Beverages (TGB) is a natural beverage business focussed on tea, coff ee and water. We have evolved from our strong
  Indian heritage rooted in tea plantations,to a global brand focussed on serving our consumers worldwide.
  
  Acheivements :
        
        1. 2nd player in branded tea in the world.
        2. 40 + countries in the significant brand presence
        
  Products: 
        1. INDIA 
              Tata Tea and Tetley
              Tata Coffee Grand
              Himalayan, Tata Water Plus and Tata Gluco+          
        2. UK
              Tetley and Teapigs
        3. Europe
              Tetley, Tata Tea, Vitax and Jemca
        4. Middle East
              Tetley and Tata Tea  
        5. Africa
              Laager and Tetley
        6. Australia
              Tetley, Teapigs and Good Earth
        7. USA
              Tetley, Good Earth and Teapigs, Eight O’ Clock, Himalayan
        8.Canada
              Tetley, Tata Tea and Teapigs Eight O’ Clock
              
             
   Sales :
              FY :18
              1. Tea - 80.8%
              2. coffee - 18.7%
              3. others - 0.5%
                         
              FY :19
              1. Tea - 81.5%
              2. coffee - 17.9%
              3. others - 0.6%
             
    pros
    
       1. Continued to be the largest packaged tea brand in India and maintained its leadership position in 2018-19
       
       
    Challenges:
       1. Rising tea commodity costs in India, the continuing decline of the everyday black tea category in UK and increased competitive intensity
          in international markets are some of the challenges your Company had to counter during the year.
        
       2. Consumer lifestyles and preferences are changing and there is a shift towards non-black options. our portfolio has a higher weightage of black teas.
    Managing Them:
      1. Constantly reviewing portfolio while analysing customer requirements
      2. Introducing a diff erentiated and innovative range of products keeping up with trends
      
      
      why profit reduced?
        Profit for the year at Rs. 457 Crores is impacted mainly due to higher level of exceptional expenditure, higher tax expense in the
        current year and lower share of profits from Associates and Joint Ventures. In the previous year, the Company had the benefit of one-time tax credits arising on account of reduction
        in US rates due to changes in tax legislation.
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
        
          
             
